Change Notes

Clock (1.4.8.32)
Minor 4 Countdown Changes
1.	Changed starting position of notifications to manual
2.	Change order of start up tasks for notifications
	a.	Aimed to fix flutter from notification creation/placement
3.	Moved countdown from main label to notifications
4.	Fixed bug causing friday final buzzer to fail to play
5.	Added logic to run visual countdown even if sounds are not currently actibe
6.	Updated halfday logic to carry same changes
7.	Fixed bug causing snack time to play minute countdowns

NOTE! Logic can be added for a timer config. This could be a dynamic clock with add/subract and change options to timers
KNOWN BUG! If transparent and user chnages text color to transparency key the form will not show on next load.

Clock (1.3.8.29)
Build 8 Screaming lady fix
1.	Moved custom colors to KDM overall file
2.	Fixed bug causing crash when prograss bar cannot calculate real number
3.	Fixed bug causing crash at opne before 8:30 do to progress bar
4.	Changed logic on open timer to run progress bar from startup time
5.	Removed minutes form snack time timer
6.	Fixed bug causing "x" to show as logo when cloudy
7.	Added dispose logic for garbage from timers
8.	Added volume setting for timers
9.	Fixed bug causing halfday timers to play when the aren't FUCKING suposed to.

Clock (1.3.7.24)
Morjor 1 Countdown Logic Re-write
1.	Added check for config files
2.	Changed EOD and push weather to rediculaous interval to force foever display
3.	Added path missing notification for custom color saving logic
4.	Removed old countdown logic
5.	Changed find prior timer logic for progress bar
6.	Rewrote all countdown logic
	a.	Split halfday and full day timers into seprate classes
	b.	cleaned up all logic
	c.	changed settings method returns to dynamic calls
	d.	Change referal system to indexes
	e.	signifigantly redused number of lines of code and repeat actions
7.	Signifigantly reduced system load for entire program
8.	Rebuild sound file system
9.	Added update and cycle for show weather button
10.	Added label in upper left which displays the curret timer
11.	Removed logic from results keeping form from leaving the bottom of the screen

Clock (0.3.5.23)
Build 5 Transparency
1.	Added transparency preset
2.	Moved scattered clouds to partly cloudy icon
3.	Fixed bug keeping overcast clouds from displaying icon
4.	Notification text color matches clock text color
5.	Control panels are one shade lighter than background for clarity
6.	Fixed bug keeping icon colors from changing when background color changed
7.	Fliped the color patterns for icons on notifications
8.	Fixed bug causing highlights on quick settings for not change with highlight changes
9.	Moved color loads to "On Shown" to fixed bug cauing form to not draw all assets
10.	Added setting to turn off countdown display
11.	Fixed bug with timing created for testing
12.	Fixed bug causing meat timers to start before grain timers durring halfday

Clock (0.3.4.16)
Re-Release
1.	Rebuild of functions and display for "Talking Clock" logic
2.	Added change notes
3.	Removed panels
4.	Removed date label
5.	Replaced hover panel with newer panel logic
6.	Added resize panel
7.	Added quick settings to hover logic
8.	Added current weather logic
9.	Added notifications logic
10.	Added date, weather and event notifications
11.	Added color presets
12.	Removed old camo and transpanet color options
13.	Added count down logic
14.	Added alternative voice lines
15.	Cleaned up a large amount of code
16.	Fixed several little bugs
17.	Re-build halfday logic
	a.	No longer restarts whole program when toggled
	b.	Dynamicaly switches between the two modes 